Update README to match new temple approach (#650)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: README.md

- [Attend our meetings](https://tockify.com/cncf.public.events/monthly?search=Contributor+Strategy)

>   - We meet once a month, and we'd love to have you join us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We have a general TAG meeting once a month and many of our Working Groups / Teams also have regular meetings. We'd love to have you join us!
```

I know this is out of scope for the charter updates, but it seems like we should be clear that we have more than one meeting per month.
